132 add mqtt routing details (#137)
aklivity/zilla-docs: src/concepts/config-intro.md

- `remote_server` - Exists to adapt `kafka` topic streams to higher-level application streams. Read more in the [kafka-grpc binding](../reference/config/bindings/binding-kafka-grpc.md#summary).
- `cache_client` & `cache_server` - Combined provide a persistent cache of `kafka` messages per `topic` `partition` honoring the `kafka` `topic` configuration for message expiration and compaction. Read more in the [kafka binding](../reference/config/bindings/binding-kafka.md#cache-behavior).

### Routes

A Route's matching conditions are defined in terms specific to each `binding` type with some common design principles. As each incoming data stream arrives, the binding follows its configured `routes` to reach an `exit` binding or rejects the stream if no routes are viable. Bindings can define a default `exit` for streams that do not match any route.

::: info Order Matters
Messages on a data stream will use the first route with a matching `when` condition in the list. Order the more specific routes first and generic routes last. Often, that looks like a wildcard route last to catch any messages that don't have a previous matching route.
:::

### When a Route matches

> Each route can list one or many conditions to match data streams. Attributes like headers, metadata, source, destination, etc., are used `when` determining the correct `exit` for a message.

Reviewer: Note we are routing streams, not individual messages, then messages flow on streams. This means the information in the beginning of the stream triggers routing decisions, not per message.

A route matches if any of its `when` conditions match the data stream (any match). An individual condition in a route is matched if all parts of the condition match. Meaning if multiple `when` headers are supplied for HTTP routing, then all of those headers must match the specific when condition to match.

::: info Kafka topics

> Kafka topics can be defined `when` routing and `with` the route, as the destination or `reply-to` topic. In all cases, Kafka topics match exactly as defined.

Reviewer: The general description of with is that it specifies stream metadata for the target stream at the exit binding. 

So in cases where we map to Kafka then that would be Kafka specific but the general case, as described here, is not specific to Kafka topics.

> ::: info Kafka topics
> Kafka topics can be defined `when` routing and `with` the route, as the destination or `reply-to` topic. In all cases, Kafka topics match exactly as defined.

Reviewer: Suggest we change this to make it clear the `with` usage described is just an example, not the general case.

```suggestion
::: info Kafka topics
When bindings such as `http-kafka`, `grpc-kafka`, `sse-kafka` or `mqtt-kafka` route to a `kafka` binding, the route can be specified `with` Kafka topics, such as the destination or `reply-to` topic. In all cases, Kafka topics match exactly as defined.
```

Author: This looks good to me and makes sense. My intention here is to call out that these don't have wildcard functions unlike some other routing options. 

The part that is confusing now is in the `when` clause on the [grpc-kafka](https://docs.aklivity.io/zilla/latest/reference/config/bindings/binding-kafka-grpc.html#routes-when) binding. I don't think we allow the same kind of matching rules as with method names or wildcard topic names.

Author: Looking at this and more bindings I think I can just remove this specific call out and mention that individual conditions are matched exactly. then the next section can just call out the wildcard/pattern matching cases. That removes the need to discuss Kafka topics specifically

Reviewer: Okay, that works too. 👍

### When a Route matches

> Each route can list conditions to match entry data streams. Route conditions will match if any of the conditions defined match the data stream (any match). Attributes like headers, metadata, source, destination, etc., are used `when` determining the correct `exit` for a message.

Reviewer: This is probably true but perhaps misleading as there's also more to it.

Each route is checked in order, first match wins, falling through to the default exit if no other routes match.
A route matches if any of its when conditions match, and within the specific when condition, all parts of that condition must match. So if multiple when headers are supplied for http routing, then all of those headers must match for the specific when condition to match.

It's important to mention route evaluation order with default exit, and also draw the distinction between any-match for when conditions vs all-match for each when condition.

Author: Ack.

> It's important to mention route evaluation order with default exit

The page does call attention to order just [above this section](https://docs.aklivity.io/zilla/latest/concepts/config-intro.html#routes). Do you think this is enough or we still need to mention it a second time?

Reviewer: Ah apologies, I missed that because it wasn't part of the diff.

After going back to review, I see the route evaluation order is covered already, but it feels like this matching description is in an inconvenient place as it comes after the route exit description instead of being part of the route evaluation explanation.

The design of the syntax is intended to convey a linear flow for routing, i.e. follow this `route` `when` these conditions match to this `exit`, otherwise try the next `route`, and fall through to the default `exit` if no more specific `route` matches.

Seems that the explanation would be more clear if it followed a similar linear order, rather than putting the route when condition matching after the route evaluation order and exit description.

Author: Ok, that makes sense. I will work on the overall order and clarify the individual conditions mentioned earlier.

Author: I pushed an update with some rewording and moving the exit section. here is how it looks now:
![image](https://github.com/aklivity/zilla-docs/assets/3012311/3562d2dd-1676-48ce-a1a8-596c5fe5f7b8)

A corresponding `routes[].when` object with a matching `GET` method and `location` path is also required for follow-up `GET` requests to return the same response as would have been returned if the `prefer: respond-async` request header had been omitted.

### Route Exit

> A route exists to direct messages on the stream to a desired exit point. This is the next binding needed to parse the the stream data. Bindings like [tcp](../reference/config/bindings/binding-tcp.md) are frequently used to route incoming streams to different exit points.

Reviewer: Let's make sure it's clear we route streams, not individual messages, per related comment above.

### Guarded Routes

> A route is considered guarded if a [guard](#guards) is specified. Any guard can be configured, enabling different use cases when protecting data sent over a stream. The guard condition supersedes any other conditions and is evaluated first.

Reviewer: Supersedes may not be the best word here. Logically the guard is anded with the when conditions, so order of evaluation doesn't matter so much, guarded false ands to give false if evaluated first or last. The main point is that guarded routes cannot be followed if the guarded check fails. This allows for fall through to a different route based on authorized roles and privileges.

### Route Exit

A route exists to direct a data stream to a desired exit point. This is the next binding needed to parse the the stream data. Bindings like [tcp](../reference/config/bindings/binding-tcp.md) are frequently used to route incoming streams to different exit points. Once a valid exit point is determined messages can flow to the correct `exit` destination.

### Guarded Routes

> A route is considered `guarded` if a [guard](#guards) is specified. The guard condition short circuits any other route conditions and is used evaluate if a stream is allowed to use the route. If the `guarded` check fails the other route conditions aren't considered allowing route evaluation to fall through to the next defined route. Any guard can be configured, enabling different use cases when protecting data sent over a stream.

Reviewer: This is good - just the phrase `other route conditions aren't considered` is a bit ambiguous.

Suggest we are slightly more direct to eliminate any potential confusion.

If the `guarded` check fails, route evaluation falls through to the next defined route. Any guard can be configured, enabling different use cases when protecting data sent over a stream.
